one year ago he learned the truth you're
a wizard Harry and his first year at
Hogwarts school became legend
and so for Harry Potter and his friends
another year begins lucky parts of
menace
the education in the magical arts
continues please laugh if you will mr.
Finnegan see what you make of them old
rivalries grow stronger
Slytherin stone your seeker boy
and something in the schools dark past
will be awakened the Chamber of Secrets
has indeed been opened unless the
culprit is caught it is likely the
school will be closed Harry Potter must
go home they are in far ball here's the
plan you disguise yourselves as crowd
and Goyle are we going to drink that yes
right wrong
Warner Brothers pictures present
where the past will return to the
struggle for the future of Hogwarts will
begin
in Harry Potter and the Chamber secrets
her mr. Potter will always be around to
save the day don't worry I will think